


Cooks's Illustrated	
START FREE WEB TRIAL
 
Log In
Cook's Illustrated Magazine
RECIPES	EQUIPMENT REVIEWS
TASTE TESTS	MAGAZINE
 
 
Hi.
 
Welcome to
Cook’s Illustrated.
 
 

 
Thank you for signing up for Notes from the Test Kitchen, our newsletter with free seasonal recipes, meal ideas for busy weeknights, just for two recipes, equipment and ingredient ratings, and more. Cook’s Illustrated is the home of the most trusted recipes and cooking resources available anywhere. Our 50 test cooks are also food scientists, historians, and detectives with a single mission: To help you cook with absolute confidence.
 
—THE EDITORS AT COOK’S ILLUSTRATED
 
LET’S GET COOKING
 
 
 
Here are a few fan favorites to get you started:
 
 

 
RECIPE  
 
Weeknight Roast Chicken
 
Moist meat and crisp skin in one hour.

 
RECIPE  
 
Braised Potatoes with Lemon and Chives
 
The best (simple) potato side dish ever.

 
RECIPE  
 
Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookies
 
The cookie you’ll become known for.
 
 
 
What you’ll find on our family of sites:
 
 
America's Test Kitchen
All your new favorite recipes
 
Each one obsessively tested and guaranteed to work for you.
 
 
America's Test Kitchen
Your new go-to cooking techniques
 
Discoveries, guided by science, that will help you cook better and smarter.
 
 
America's Test Kitchen
Help with your shopping
 
Supermarket ingredients, dissected, compared, and rated.
 
 
America's Test Kitchen
Equipment reviews you can trust
 
Performance and durability matter, marketing hype does not.
 
 
 
LET’S GET COOKING
 
 
 
OUR FAMILY OF BRANDS
 
 
America's Test Kitchen	Cook's Illustrated	Cook's Country	Cooking School
 
America’s Test Kitchen is the home of Cook’s Illustrated and Cook’s Country magazines, America’s Test Kitchen and Cook’s Country from America’s Test Kitchen public television shows, dozens of best-selling cookbooks, member websites, and the America’s Test Kitchen Cooking School. We have a single mission: to help you succeed every time you cook.
 
FOLLOW US
 
 
Facebook		Twitter		Instagram		YouTube		Pinterest	
 
DIGITAL MAGAZINES
 
 
Cook's Illustrated	Cook's Country	Find digital editions of Cook’s Illustrated and Cook’s Country for iPad on the App Store.
 
 
Forward to a friend ?
 
View this email in a Web browser.
 
We sent you this email because our records indicate that you requested to receive email from America's Test Kitchen. We don’t want you to miss out on our emails: Please add our email address to your address book or “safe” sender list today.
 
Unsubscribe or manage your email preferences.
 
View our privacy policy.
 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. Unfortunately, replies to this email will not be answered. If you have questions, please visit our Customer Service page.
 
America's Test Kitchen, 21 Drydock Avenue, Suite 210E, Boston, MA 02210
